README.md, before:

# SER 423: Mobile Systems

A repo for Arizona State University SER 423 Mobile Systems Class Exercises & Assignments.

## :warning: Disclaimer

**This code, screenshots and demo videos have been submitted before. Therefore, please DO NOT COPY any of the code or the screenshots or videos included in this repo into your project submission or you might face a plagiarism case.**

## Table of Contents

1. **Exercises**

   1.1 [Exercise 1](./exercises/exercise-1/README.md) - A simple hello world app.

   1.2 [Exercise 2](./exercises/exercise-2/README.md) - A simple app to create a reusable button with mutliple themes support.

   1.3 [Exercise 3](./exercises//exercise-3/README.md) - A simple app to retrieve data from a remote API.

   1.4 [Exercise 4](./exercises//exercise-4/README.md) - A simple app to store and retrieve data locally using AsyncStorage.

   1.5 [Exercise 5](./exercises//exercise-5/README.md) - A simple app to create a map app.

2. **Assignments**

   2.1 [Assignment 1](./assignments/assignment-1/README.md) - A simple app to navigate between two screen using Bottom Tabs Navigator.

   2.2 [Assignment 2](./assignments/assignment-2/README.md) - A simple app to use a WebView to embed external websites.

   2.3 [Assignment 3](./assignments/assignment-3/README.md) - A simple app to retrieve data from a remote API.

   2.4 [Assignment 4](./assignments/assignment-4/README.md) - A simple app to create an audio player.

   2.5 [Assignment 5](./assignments/assignment-5/README.md) - A simple app to create a map app with animated notification.

Commit message:

refactor: add link to exercise 6

README.md, after:

# SER 423: Mobile Systems

A repo for Arizona State University SER 423 Mobile Systems Class Exercises & Assignments.

## :warning: Disclaimer

**This code, screenshots and demo videos have been submitted before. Therefore, please DO NOT COPY any of the code or the screenshots or videos included in this repo into your project submission or you might face a plagiarism case.**

## Table of Contents

1. **Exercises**

   1.1 [Exercise 1](./exercises/exercise-1/README.md) - A simple hello world app.

   1.2 [Exercise 2](./exercises/exercise-2/README.md) - A simple app to create a reusable button with mutliple themes support.

   1.3 [Exercise 3](./exercises//exercise-3/README.md) - A simple app to retrieve data from a remote API.

   1.4 [Exercise 4](./exercises//exercise-4/README.md) - A simple app to store and retrieve data locally using AsyncStorage.

   1.5 [Exercise 5](./exercises//exercise-5/README.md) - A simple app to create a map app.

   1.6 [Exercise 6](./exercises//exercise-6/README.md) - A simple app to create an image album app using redux.

2. **Assignments**

   2.1 [Assignment 1](./assignments/assignment-1/README.md) - A simple app to navigate between two screen using Bottom Tabs Navigator.

   2.2 [Assignment 2](./assignments/assignment-2/README.md) - A simple app to use a WebView to embed external websites.

   2.3 [Assignment 3](./assignments/assignment-3/README.md) - A simple app to retrieve data from a remote API.

   2.4 [Assignment 4](./assignments/assignment-4/README.md) - A simple app to create an audio player.

   2.5 [Assignment 5](./assignments/assignment-5/README.md) - A simple app to create a map app with animated notification.
